@string/appbar_scrolling_view_behavior;/Users/jairym/Desktop/FACPYA/8_SEMESTRE/Desarrollo de Aplicaciones Moviles Multiplataforma/PIA/MedicalMtyApp/medicalmty/medicalmty.Android/obj/Debug/lp/60/jl/res/layout/rootlayout.xml
adaptive-icon;obj/Debug/res/mipmap-anydpi-v26/icon.xml
adaptive-icon;obj/Debug/res/mipmap-anydpi-v26/icon_round.xml
alpha;/Users/jairym/Desktop/FACPYA/8_SEMESTRE/Desarrollo de Aplicaciones Moviles Multiplataforma/PIA/MedicalMtyApp/medicalmty/medicalmty.Android/obj/Debug/lp/60/jl/res/anim/enterfromleft.xml
alpha;/Users/jairym/Desktop/FACPYA/8_SEMESTRE/Desarrollo de Aplicaciones Moviles Multiplataforma/PIA/MedicalMtyApp/medicalmty/medicalmty.Android/obj/Debug/lp/60/jl/res/anim/exittoleft.xml
androidhud.ProgressWheel;/Users/jairym/Desktop/FACPYA/8_SEMESTRE/Desarrollo de Aplicaciones Moviles Multiplataforma/PIA/MedicalMtyApp/medicalmty/medicalmty.Android/obj/Debug/lp/1/jl/res/layout/loadingprogress.xml
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar;/Users/jairym/Desktop/FACPYA/8_SEMESTRE/Desarrollo de Aplicaciones Moviles Multiplataforma/PIA/MedicalMtyApp/medicalmty/medicalmty.Android/obj/Debug/lp/60/jl/res/layout/fallbacktoolbardonotuse.xml
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar;/Users/jairym/Desktop/FACPYA/8_SEMESTRE/Desarrollo de Aplicaciones Moviles Multiplataforma/PIA/MedicalMtyApp/medicalmty/medicalmty.Android/obj/Debug/lp/60/jl/res/layout/rootlayout.xml
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar;/Users/jairym/Desktop/FACPYA/8_SEMESTRE/Desarrollo de Aplicaciones Moviles Multiplataforma/PIA/MedicalMtyApp/medicalmty/medicalmty.Android/obj/Debug/lp/60/jl/res/layout/shellcontent.xml
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar;/Users/jairym/Desktop/FACPYA/8_SEMESTRE/Desarrollo de Aplicaciones Moviles Multiplataforma/PIA/MedicalMtyApp/medicalmty/medicalmty.Android/obj/Debug/lp/60/jl/res/layout/toolbar.xml
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout;/Users/jairym/Desktop/FACPYA/8_SEMESTRE/Desarrollo de Aplicaciones Moviles Multiplataforma/PIA/MedicalMtyApp/medicalmty/medicalmty.Android/obj/Debug/lp/60/jl/res/layout/rootlayout.xml
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout;/Users/jairym/Desktop/FACPYA/8_SEMESTRE/Desarrollo de Aplicaciones Moviles Multiplataforma/PIA/MedicalMtyApp/medicalmty/medicalmty.Android/obj/Debug/lp/60/jl/res/layout/shellcontent.xml
attr;/Users/jairym/Desktop/FACPYA/8_SEMESTRE/Desarrollo de Aplicaciones Moviles Multiplataforma/PIA/MedicalMtyApp/medicalmty/medicalmty.Android/obj/Debug/lp/1/jl/res/values/attrs.xml
attr;/Users/jairym/Desktop/FACPYA/8_SEMESTRE/Desarrollo de Aplicaciones Moviles Multiplataforma/PIA/MedicalMtyApp/medicalmty/medicalmty.Android/obj/Debug/lp/60/jl/res/values/attrs.xml
background;obj/Debug/res/mipmap-anydpi-v26/icon.xml
background;obj/Debug/res/mipmap-anydpi-v26/icon_round.xml
cache-path;/Users/jairym/Desktop/FACPYA/8_SEMESTRE/Desarrollo de Aplicaciones Moviles Multiplataforma/PIA/MedicalMtyApp/medicalmty/medicalmty.Android/obj/Debug/lp/59/jl/res/xml/xamarin_essentials_fileprovider_file_paths.xml
color;obj/Debug/res/values/colors.xml
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout;/Users/jairym/Desktop/FACPYA/8_SEMESTRE/Desarrollo de Aplicaciones Moviles Multiplataforma/PIA/MedicalMtyApp/medicalmty/medicalmty.Android/obj/Debug/lp/60/jl/res/layout/flyoutcontent.xml
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout;/Users/jairym/Desktop/FACPYA/8_SEMESTRE/Desarrollo de Aplicaciones Moviles Multiplataforma/PIA/MedicalMtyApp/medicalmty/medicalmty.Android/obj/Debug/lp/60/jl/res/layout/rootlayout.xml
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout;/Users/jairym/Desktop/FACPYA/8_SEMESTRE/Desarrollo de Aplicaciones Moviles Multiplataforma/PIA/MedicalMtyApp/medicalmty/medicalmty.Android/obj/Debug/lp/60/jl/res/layout/shellcontent.xml
com.google.android.material.bottomnavigation.BottomNavigationView;/Users/jairym/Desktop/FACPYA/8_SEMESTRE/Desarrollo de Aplicaciones Moviles Multiplataforma/PIA/MedicalMtyApp/medicalmty/medicalmty.Android/obj/Debug/lp/60/jl/res/layout/bottomtablayout.xml
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout;/Users/jairym/Desktop/FACPYA/8_SEMESTRE/Desarrollo de Aplicaciones Moviles Multiplataforma/PIA/MedicalMtyApp/medicalmty/medicalmty.Android/obj/Debug/lp/60/jl/res/layout/fallbacktabbardonotuse.xml
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout;/Users/jairym/Desktop/FACPYA/8_SEMESTRE/Desarrollo de Aplicaciones Moviles Multiplataforma/PIA/MedicalMtyApp/medicalmty/medicalmty.Android/obj/Debug/lp/60/jl/res/layout/rootlayout.xml
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout;/Users/jairym/Desktop/FACPYA/8_SEMESTRE/Desarrollo de Aplicaciones Moviles Multiplataforma/PIA/MedicalMtyApp/medicalmty/medicalmty.Android/obj/Debug/lp/60/jl/res/layout/tabbar.xml
corners;/Users/jairym/Desktop/FACPYA/8_SEMESTRE/Desarrollo de Aplicaciones Moviles Multiplataforma/PIA/MedicalMtyApp/medicalmty/medicalmty.Android/obj/Debug/lp/1/jl/res/drawable/roundedbg.xml
corners;/Users/jairym/Desktop/FACPYA/8_SEMESTRE/Desarrollo de Aplicaciones Moviles Multiplataforma/PIA/MedicalMtyApp/medicalmty/medicalmty.Android/obj/Debug/lp/1/jl/res/drawable/roundedbgdark.xml
declare-styleable;/Users/jairym/Desktop/FACPYA/8_SEMESTRE/Desarrollo de Aplicaciones Moviles Multiplataforma/PIA/MedicalMtyApp/medicalmty/medicalmty.Android/obj/Debug/lp/1/jl/res/values/attrs.xml
declare-styleable;/Users/jairym/Desktop/FACPYA/8_SEMESTRE/Desarrollo de Aplicaciones Moviles Multiplataforma/PIA/MedicalMtyApp/medicalmty/medicalmty.Android/obj/Debug/lp/60/jl/res/values/attrs.xml
external-cache-path;/Users/jairym/Desktop/FACPYA/8_SEMESTRE/Desarrollo de Aplicaciones Moviles Multiplataforma/PIA/MedicalMtyApp/medicalmty/medicalmty.Android/obj/Debug/lp/59/jl/res/xml/xamarin_essentials_fileprovider_file_paths.xml
external-path;/Users/jairym/Desktop/FACPYA/8_SEMESTRE/Desarrollo de Aplicaciones Moviles Multiplataforma/PIA/MedicalMtyApp/medicalmty/medicalmty.Android/obj/Debug/lp/59/jl/res/xml/xamarin_essentials_fileprovider_file_paths.xml
foreground;obj/Debug/res/mipmap-anydpi-v26/icon.xml
foreground;obj/Debug/res/mipmap-anydpi-v26/icon_round.xml
FrameLayout;/Users/jairym/Desktop/FACPYA/8_SEMESTRE/Desarrollo de Aplicaciones Moviles Multiplataforma/PIA/MedicalMtyApp/medicalmty/medicalmty.Android/obj/Debug/lp/60/jl/res/layout/bottomtablayout.xml
FrameLayout;/Users/jairym/Desktop/FACPYA/8_SEMESTRE/Desarrollo de Aplicaciones Moviles Multiplataforma/PIA/MedicalMtyApp/medicalmty/medicalmty.Android/obj/Debug/lp/65/jl/res/layout/zxingscanneractivitylayout.xml
FrameLayout;/Users/jairym/Desktop/FACPYA/8_SEMESTRE/Desarrollo de Aplicaciones Moviles Multiplataforma/PIA/MedicalMtyApp/medicalmty/medicalmty.Android/obj/Debug/lp/65/jl/res/layout/zxingscannerfragmentlayout.xml
gradient;/Users/jairym/Desktop/FACPYA/8_SEMESTRE/Desarrollo de Aplicaciones Moviles Multiplataforma/PIA/MedicalMtyApp/medicalmty/medicalmty.Android/obj/Debug/lp/1/jl/res/drawable/roundedbg.xml
gradient;/Users/jairym/Desktop/FACPYA/8_SEMESTRE/Desarrollo de Aplicaciones Moviles Multiplataforma/PIA/MedicalMtyApp/medicalmty/medicalmty.Android/obj/Debug/lp/1/jl/res/drawable/roundedbgdark.xml
ImageView;/Users/jairym/Desktop/FACPYA/8_SEMESTRE/Desarrollo de Aplicaciones Moviles Multiplataforma/PIA/MedicalMtyApp/medicalmty/medicalmty.Android/obj/Debug/lp/1/jl/res/layout/loadingimage.xml
item;/Users/jairym/Desktop/FACPYA/8_SEMESTRE/Desarrollo de Aplicaciones Moviles Multiplataforma/PIA/MedicalMtyApp/medicalmty/medicalmty.Android/obj/Debug/lp/60/jl/res/values/styles.xml
LinearLayout;/Users/jairym/Desktop/FACPYA/8_SEMESTRE/Desarrollo de Aplicaciones Moviles Multiplataforma/PIA/MedicalMtyApp/medicalmty/medicalmty.Android/obj/Debug/lp/60/jl/res/layout/bottomtablayout.xml
paths;/Users/jairym/Desktop/FACPYA/8_SEMESTRE/Desarrollo de Aplicaciones Moviles Multiplataforma/PIA/MedicalMtyApp/medicalmty/medicalmty.Android/obj/Debug/lp/59/jl/res/xml/xamarin_essentials_fileprovider_file_paths.xml
ProgressBar;/Users/jairym/Desktop/FACPYA/8_SEMESTRE/Desarrollo de Aplicaciones Moviles Multiplataforma/PIA/MedicalMtyApp/medicalmty/medicalmty.Android/obj/Debug/lp/1/jl/res/layout/loading.xml
RelativeLayout;/Users/jairym/Desktop/FACPYA/8_SEMESTRE/Desarrollo de Aplicaciones Moviles Multiplataforma/PIA/MedicalMtyApp/medicalmty/medicalmty.Android/obj/Debug/lp/1/jl/res/layout/loading.xml
RelativeLayout;/Users/jairym/Desktop/FACPYA/8_SEMESTRE/Desarrollo de Aplicaciones Moviles Multiplataforma/PIA/MedicalMtyApp/medicalmty/medicalmty.Android/obj/Debug/lp/1/jl/res/layout/loadingimage.xml
RelativeLayout;/Users/jairym/Desktop/FACPYA/8_SEMESTRE/Desarrollo de Aplicaciones Moviles Multiplataforma/PIA/MedicalMtyApp/medicalmty/medicalmty.Android/obj/Debug/lp/1/jl/res/layout/loadingprogress.xml
resources;/Users/jairym/Desktop/FACPYA/8_SEMESTRE/Desarrollo de Aplicaciones Moviles Multiplataforma/PIA/MedicalMtyApp/medicalmty/medicalmty.Android/obj/Debug/lp/1/jl/res/values/attrs.xml
resources;/Users/jairym/Desktop/FACPYA/8_SEMESTRE/Desarrollo de Aplicaciones Moviles Multiplataforma/PIA/MedicalMtyApp/medicalmty/medicalmty.Android/obj/Debug/lp/1/jl/res/values/strings.xml
resources;/Users/jairym/Desktop/FACPYA/8_SEMESTRE/Desarrollo de Aplicaciones Moviles Multiplataforma/PIA/MedicalMtyApp/medicalmty/medicalmty.Android/obj/Debug/lp/60/jl/res/values/attrs.xml
resources;/Users/jairym/Desktop/FACPYA/8_SEMESTRE/Desarrollo de Aplicaciones Moviles Multiplataforma/PIA/MedicalMtyApp/medicalmty/medicalmty.Android/obj/Debug/lp/60/jl/res/values/strings.xml
resources;/Users/jairym/Desktop/FACPYA/8_SEMESTRE/Desarrollo de Aplicaciones Moviles Multiplataforma/PIA/MedicalMtyApp/medicalmty/medicalmty.Android/obj/Debug/lp/60/jl/res/values/styles.xml
resources;/Users/jairym/Desktop/FACPYA/8_SEMESTRE/Desarrollo de Aplicaciones Moviles Multiplataforma/PIA/MedicalMtyApp/medicalmty/medicalmty.Android/obj/Debug/lp/64/jl/res/values/strings.xml
resources;obj/Debug/res/values/colors.xml
resources;obj/Debug/res/values/styles.xml
set;/Users/jairym/Desktop/FACPYA/8_SEMESTRE/Desarrollo de Aplicaciones Moviles Multiplataforma/PIA/MedicalMtyApp/medicalmty/medicalmty.Android/obj/Debug/lp/60/jl/res/anim/enterfromleft.xml
set;/Users/jairym/Desktop/FACPYA/8_SEMESTRE/Desarrollo de Aplicaciones Moviles Multiplataforma/PIA/MedicalMtyApp/medicalmty/medicalmty.Android/obj/Debug/lp/60/jl/res/anim/enterfromright.xml
set;/Users/jairym/Desktop/FACPYA/8_SEMESTRE/Desarrollo de Aplicaciones Moviles Multiplataforma/PIA/MedicalMtyApp/medicalmty/medicalmty.Android/obj/Debug/lp/60/jl/res/anim/exittoleft.xml
set;/Users/jairym/Desktop/FACPYA/8_SEMESTRE/Desarrollo de Aplicaciones Moviles Multiplataforma/PIA/MedicalMtyApp/medicalmty/medicalmty.Android/obj/Debug/lp/60/jl/res/anim/exittoright.xml
shape;/Users/jairym/Desktop/FACPYA/8_SEMESTRE/Desarrollo de Aplicaciones Moviles Multiplataforma/PIA/MedicalMtyApp/medicalmty/medicalmty.Android/obj/Debug/lp/1/jl/res/drawable/roundedbg.xml
shape;/Users/jairym/Desktop/FACPYA/8_SEMESTRE/Desarrollo de Aplicaciones Moviles Multiplataforma/PIA/MedicalMtyApp/medicalmty/medicalmty.Android/obj/Debug/lp/1/jl/res/drawable/roundedbgdark.xml
string;/Users/jairym/Desktop/FACPYA/8_SEMESTRE/Desarrollo de Aplicaciones Moviles Multiplataforma/PIA/MedicalMtyApp/medicalmty/medicalmty.Android/obj/Debug/lp/1/jl/res/values/strings.xml
string;/Users/jairym/Desktop/FACPYA/8_SEMESTRE/Desarrollo de Aplicaciones Moviles Multiplataforma/PIA/MedicalMtyApp/medicalmty/medicalmty.Android/obj/Debug/lp/60/jl/res/values/strings.xml
string;/Users/jairym/Desktop/FACPYA/8_SEMESTRE/Desarrollo de Aplicaciones Moviles Multiplataforma/PIA/MedicalMtyApp/medicalmty/medicalmty.Android/obj/Debug/lp/64/jl/res/values/strings.xml
style;/Users/jairym/Desktop/FACPYA/8_SEMESTRE/Desarrollo de Aplicaciones Moviles Multiplataforma/PIA/MedicalMtyApp/medicalmty/medicalmty.Android/obj/Debug/lp/60/jl/res/values/styles.xml
style;obj/Debug/res/values/styles.xml
TextView;/Users/jairym/Desktop/FACPYA/8_SEMESTRE/Desarrollo de Aplicaciones Moviles Multiplataforma/PIA/MedicalMtyApp/medicalmty/medicalmty.Android/obj/Debug/lp/1/jl/res/layout/loading.xml
TextView;/Users/jairym/Desktop/FACPYA/8_SEMESTRE/Desarrollo de Aplicaciones Moviles Multiplataforma/PIA/MedicalMtyApp/medicalmty/medicalmty.Android/obj/Debug/lp/1/jl/res/layout/loadingimage.xml
TextView;/Users/jairym/Desktop/FACPYA/8_SEMESTRE/Desarrollo de Aplicaciones Moviles Multiplataforma/PIA/MedicalMtyApp/medicalmty/medicalmty.Android/obj/Debug/lp/1/jl/res/layout/loadingprogress.xml
translate;/Users/jairym/Desktop/FACPYA/8_SEMESTRE/Desarrollo de Aplicaciones Moviles Multiplataforma/PIA/MedicalMtyApp/medicalmty/medicalmty.Android/obj/Debug/lp/60/jl/res/anim/enterfromleft.xml
translate;/Users/jairym/Desktop/FACPYA/8_SEMESTRE/Desarrollo de Aplicaciones Moviles Multiplataforma/PIA/MedicalMtyApp/medicalmty/medicalmty.Android/obj/Debug/lp/60/jl/res/anim/enterfromright.xml
translate;/Users/jairym/Desktop/FACPYA/8_SEMESTRE/Desarrollo de Aplicaciones Moviles Multiplataforma/PIA/MedicalMtyApp/medicalmty/medicalmty.Android/obj/Debug/lp/60/jl/res/anim/exittoleft.xml
translate;/Users/jairym/Desktop/FACPYA/8_SEMESTRE/Desarrollo de Aplicaciones Moviles Multiplataforma/PIA/MedicalMtyApp/medicalmty/medicalmty.Android/obj/Debug/lp/60/jl/res/anim/exittoright.xml
xamarin.forms.platform.android.appcompat.FormsViewPager;/Users/jairym/Desktop/FACPYA/8_SEMESTRE/Desarrollo de Aplicaciones Moviles Multiplataforma/PIA/MedicalMtyApp/medicalmty/medicalmty.Android/obj/Debug/lp/60/jl/res/layout/rootlayout.xml
xamarin.forms.platform.android.ShellFlyoutLayout;/Users/jairym/Desktop/FACPYA/8_SEMESTRE/Desarrollo de Aplicaciones Moviles Multiplataforma/PIA/MedicalMtyApp/medicalmty/medicalmty.Android/obj/Debug/lp/60/jl/res/layout/flyoutcontent.xml
